The key bomber is making the use of all of your signatures.
Senator Keith Balver has completed his work in Europe as a member of the Senate Arms Services
subcommittee investigating the malmedia trial to make the Senate himself resume these problems
by the next rub test period.
In the meantime, if you would accept a substitute, let's look at the news in your nation's capital
as seen from your Senate resultants.
The first item will be of unusual interest to those on the whole age of the system's
roles and those who may be at a later time.
A many years, Senator Keith Balver has been interested in the men and women of our nation.
We have passed the meridian of this existence and abide in the later later stages of their
moment on this earth.
It has been his off-express act that our age should be enabled to grow old and raceful,
and provide it for equally hard parts of the country.
As he has pointed out repeatedly under the press and law, the state's match contributions
of the federal government will be the payment of old age assistance.
When a state puts up a dollar for dollar with the federal government, the richer states are
able to provide more for their age and those in the poorest states.
Compared to the poorest, Tennessee is a poorest state.
For instance, California can pay its age in about twice as much as the age it is in Tennessee
and the state's number of people.
In this day of support crisis, minimum wages of the life, the cost of living will not very
agree to yield a clean or among the different states.
It probably costs a bit as much as it is in the California.
The old age assistance program is based on the need.
Certainly, the need of our older people is as great as the need of similar age folks in the
states of Great-A-Well.
As Senator Keith Balver is undertaking to correct this inequity, you may want to jot down
the number of the bill he has filed in this Congress and I shall give it to you presently.
The purpose of the key part of the bill is to equalize the payments, the federal government
contributes for old age assistance in all the states.
This is accomplished by changing the formula by which these funds are allocated.
Under the key part of the bill, the age it of Tennessee received a substantial increase in
compensation.
The number of the bill introduced by Senator Keith Balver is S25.
For obvious reasons, it would be difficult to pass this bill and next to impossible to
have it considered at this session of 81st Congress.
But it will be helpful if you will write to your own Congressmen.
Have your friends and relations in other states to write to their Congressmen in Senate.
Asking them to support S25.
O4.
The key part of the bill which would equalize old age assistance contributions by the federal government.
All you need to do is mention the number of the bill.
S25.
O4.
Yes, there will be opposition to this measure.
There will be opposition from the wealthier states.
There will be opposition from the big interest.
There will even be opposition from citizens in the states that this bill will help the most.
The Senator Keith Balver has been working on this matter a long time.
He filed a bill while he was in the House of Representatives to accomplish the same purpose.
He testified for it and worked for it before the House Ways and Means Commission.
His efforts have already resulted in securing some relief.
But the basic change has not yet been made.
His bill also lowers his assistance age from 65 to 60 years and eliminates some of the strictest property home ownership position.
Regardless of the prospect of opposition, regardless of the time it takes to do the job.
Remember all the ways this is your government.
It is public opinion that shapes the great extent of both of Europe Congress and the senators.
If the people want this way as your past, the people can have it back.
When the people speak and speak loudly enough, those in government who listen, having heard and understood, they act accordingly.
Mr. Justice Wilder wrote a letter to the United States Supreme Court to state.
He attended Maribal College, Maribal, Tennessee.
He was a scholar with the last appointee of the late President Roosevelt, the highest court in Ireland.
His death made it the responsibility of President Truman made his second appointee to the Supreme Court in two and sixty days.
The talk around your nation's capital was in the direction of Attorney General Jay Howard McGrath, a captain for this place.
With Mr. Truman's top advisor, Clark Clifford, rumored as the next Attorney General of the United States.
It is customary for one justice at the high court to be a captain of faith.
But the newest papers and commentators urged that President Truman disregard your religion, politics, and all else,
to point to new justice purely on the basis of qualifications as a journalist.
The Obama and the President announced Thursday that noon was a complete surprise.
He named the former Senator Sherman Smith of Indiana, a member of the seventh Circuit Court of the United States Court of the fields.
Judge Minton entered the Senate on the same day that President Truman feared.
They are personal friends.
Mr. Minton was a former administrative assistant to the late President Franklin D. Roosevelt.
It wasn't art at supporter of the Roosevelt program.
His apartment will be considered by the Senate Judiciary Committee, of which Senator Steve Fawhrer is now a member.
Because he served some 30 President members of the Senate, as a good judicial record, is confirmation by the Senate, expected here as a matter of course.
Well-pastured magazine in its October issue publishes the results of a poll.
Not a Gallup poll, of course, but a poll of 211 newspaper-farrer's comments here in Washington.
You see these Senators as we see them.
These newsmen and radio newscasters were asked to select the best Senators and the worst Senators.
Now what these newshalks think about it doesn't necessarily make it so, but these men are in a position to know from observation, just as you would know about the members of the City Council in your own own time.
So for whatever it may be worth, here are their selections.
The best Senator, according to these bar's comments, is Senator Robert H. Taff, the whole House Republican.
The worst of the majority said is his colleague from Ohio, Senator John Brickard.
The top Democrat Senators in their opinion is Senator Paul H. Douglas, a freshman of Senator from Illinois.
They thought he was third best, trailing Senators Taff and Ben Inver.
The ninth best, the 211 Washington reporters thought, was Senator S. P. Fawhrer of Tennessee.
He and Senator Walter George of George were the only Senators among the first 10 names.
On the other side of the measure, Senator T. Fawhrer plus 12 only list of worst Senators.
So we in your Senators office are still at a loss as to whether Senator T. Fawhrer is considered one of the best or one of the worst Senators in Washington.
One of the reporters declined to pick the worst Senators.
The reason? Too much competition he said.
Thursday night, the Senate extended the reciprocal trade agreements program.
This is the legislation originally conceived by Tennessee's own Cornell Paul, which we described in some detail on the last broadcast.
Final vote was better than 3 to 1. The important vote was on the Millican Pearl Point Amendment, which we also detailed last week.
This amendment would have required the President to make public explanation to Congress.
If he cut the custom, he used the low Pearl Point level, which the entire Commission considered injurious to our own domestic producers.
The vote along was along party lines, and the amendment was defeated by five votes, 43 to 38.
And so this whole trade program has continued for three years without any crippling amendments.
Back crippling Pearl Point amendment written into the law by the Republican 80th Congress is now eliminated.
Let me quote to you what Senator Kefaw were ahead and say about this program.
I feel Senator Kefaw were said in one speech that one of the quarter stones of our foreign policy is the fall of reciprocal trade agreements program.
Our great Tennessee and Cornell Paul, in my opinion, has made the greatest possible contribution toward world peace,
and toward the welfare of our country, putting forth and fighting for the adoption of this plan, which enables nations to trade with one another, to understand one another.
The continuation of the whole program Senator Kefaw were said absolutely is absolutely necessary in our own national interest.
With an expanded agriculture and with backpriced producing almost half of the world's industrial output, it is vitally necessary that we trade with the rest of the world.
The only way we can do this, the Senator continued, is by reciprocal adjustments of tariffs, such as provided for under the fall reciprocal trade agreements program.
Now that's the end of Senator Kefaw's presentation.
But Tennessee has felt benefits already from the new public housing law passed earlier this year.
Your Senator's office was advised Thursday that the housing authority of the City of Kingsport had been assigned 225 units of low-rout rent public housing.
This is only its initial share. The public housing administrator included these 225 units for Kingsport as a part of the national total of 810,000 units of low-rout public housing to be constructed during the next two years.
100 of these houses will be built next 12 months, remaining 125 will be completed within 24 months.
In addition, the Kingsport housing authority has requested a preliminary loan of 77,500 dollars, be used for planning the price.
This loan must be approved by the President.
And the dollar conference is ended here in the past week. Representatives of the American Canadian and British government held linked the sessions undertaking to help solve Britain's economic crisis.
The British position is considered much improved as a result of these conferences.
The net result is a program to place great Britain on a pay-as-you-go basis by 1952.
Breed Britain was given more latitude in the use of ECA dollars in her purchasing from other nations.
And the United States promised to see what could be done toward providing the British Empire with more dollars by stockpiling commodities such as rubber, tin and so forth from British colonial possessions.
We are also pledged to try and ease our customs and trade practices to give Britain better markets in the United States.
It goes almost without saying that any plans we have for a perpetual peace must include great Britain.
Now that we recognize the fact that what affects other nations of the world also affects us, we must seek to it that democratic nations do not fail economically.
War and international trade are interrelated.
Economics calls war as much as any other single thing.
It is good that the whole trade agreements program was extended at this time,
to show to the world that we mean business about this business a remaining world minded.
Nations which are unable to solve their dollar shorties problems such as Great Britain were advised to do by the international monetary fund to devide your their currencies as one way to ease their economic situation.
This advice was sanctioned more or less by President Prumos, who said that I'm voting nothing but contribute more to the peace of the world that international cooperation in finance and development.
He said further to delegates from 48 nations that a principle objective of his program is to remove obstacles to international trade.
For those such as myself who are not well versed in physical matters, these matters may be complex.
But complex or not, there is no doubt about their prime importance.
We should inform ourselves about those problems as best we can.
All Washington Watts distracts the situation the teen industry is fast-pleased.
The Missouri Pacific Railroad is in the throat of a standstill strike.
Stacks in the steel and coal industries are being predicted.
It appears for a brief while in the past week, the big news would be the settlement of the differences between labor and management in the steel industry.
The President's back-finding board recommended no fourth round of wage increases for labor at this time.
The thought that the steel industry with huge profits could well afford to contribute an extra 10 cents an hour to pension and insurance funds for its employees.
So the immediate reaction was that the differences in the steel industry would be settled without either a wage increase or a strike.
By weeks in, however, it appeared that not a settlement, but only a truth had been reached.
Here are few things we should bear in mind.
In the first place, there is nothing compulsory about the findings of the fact that finding boards.
It is recommended that the Union and Steel corporations work out the details of the pension plan by collective bargaining.
As the board's findings are not binding on either side, more than the mere details can be gone into.
At the moment this transcription is made, the Union is insisting on adoption of the board's full recommendations.
While the company is in the gate, they were riskless prior to agreeing to a pension plan to which the employees contribute nothing.
With labor legislation, the next order of business in the Senate following the arms implementation debate, you may rest assured that many Washington eyes and ears will be open to what transpires in the war of nerves between labor and management in the steel industry.
Finally, we come to the it appears to me, the portion of this broad case.
Statement time about the mayor of my own that should not be accepted as the views of Senator Steve Paul.
But in my own opinion, the government of the United States may be breaking the face of its veterans by recent rulings of the Veterans Administration.
Back while many of us are still in uniform, the Congress in accident-to-law, the so-called GI Bill of Rights, is an endless Senator Steve Paul, that was one of the original sponsors of this legislation in the House.
The GI Bill included educational privileges for veterans to comply with.
Several million veterans still have credit views on them because they have used none or only a part of educational benefits, which the Congress said they are entitled because of their duty and armed forces of the United States.